# Meeting Agenda

Date: 2014-10-07

Facilitator: Simon Petersson

Participants: Daniel Eineving, Mikael Malmqvist, Andreas Pegelow, Simon Nielsen, Simon Petersson

## Objectives
#####What are our primary objective at the moment?
Connecting all central parts in the application, making a working prototype.

## Reports
#### Solved
###### What have we done since the last meeting?
Implementation of new route is done

Sound-settings is now read from the system instead of last setting from file.

History is also implemented in new route activity.

Directions, Places and Autocorrect now works.

Session-history now works.

Maps API is now fully implemented.

#### Unsolved

###### What haven't we done?

EURegulations isn't done.

Tripplanner isn't done.

## Discussion items

#### How are we doing?
We are doing well, and are well in pace. But need to start thinking about the postmortem report.

#### What do we need to do?
We need to do bugfixes, eg. Visual bugs.

Implement the draft for the tripplanner.

Finish the implementation of EURegulations.

Refine the application and handle eventual crashes and etc.

Connect all central parts of the application.

Make the current position marker in the mapview snap to current route.

## Outcomes and assignments

###### What specific objectives are we handing out to be done
Mikael should work on bugfixes.

Simon N. should implement that the app reacts to what distractionlevel the AGA Api currently returns.

Andreas continues to work on EURegulations.

Daniel continues working on the tripplanner.

Simon P. helps Andreas on the EURegulations and works on connecting all central parts, should also check to see if there are any double bindings.

## Wrap up 

#### What needs to be done until the next meeting?

EURegulations should be done

Tripplanner draft should be done.

#### When are we having the next meeting?
Time: Fredag 10 Oktober, kl 12:00
Room: 1212B